now i need some changes related to courses related things

there might be some partners of ours.. they will have their own student

i want a new collection.. partnar collection

inside where i willl update more things later, but initially there will be partner name, location, description etc will be there

and you need to add one extra field.. which will be venue at the onboarding pageś collection... this vanue id will be linked to that partner id

so while onboarding , there will be a extra field venue.. which default location is HSTU Campus. update the seed script with this.. and if necessary i will add more partnet at collection. and make it working with rbac

after that these partners will have their own profile page at /partnet/name_of _partner

at this page.. there will be a kind of homepage will be shown.. using the info from the partner collection

and the there will be a role .. which is partner.. this role will manage his own students only

and the partner scope is only the courses.. so at courses, , supose a partner id is assigned for a course.. so only this partnerś students (which selected at onboarding).. will be able to enrol course related to that partner...not other partner

so the partners will be able to manage the userś informatiopn.. which edited on onboarding (except the partner id changing).. create a new profile directly... without registering.. (and also can link to that profile to any registration later)..

more importantly, these courses fee will be provided from the partner.. not the inside students... so if the partner paid money.. then the inside students will see the paid status.. for a certain month

so it will be like this

from admin panel.. admin/ super admin will create bill for under any course.. for a certain date range..

that bill range will be seen at the enrolled user/ partner / partnerś student dashboard

direct users will pay directly.. but partnerś students will pay via partner.. so if partner pays the bill .. then all done.. no need to pay bill from the partners student

and if any bill is created for a partner.. then the partner will get email..
no mail for user or partnerś student.. just only partner

now analyze this sholw thing.. .. make planning what you need to do .. save that planning on a file... make checkboxes.. analyze things with current implementations.. and then proceed

